WDD 330 Personal Project
This document serves as your final course assessment.

Introduction
Name: Mozart Soares

Video Link: [Insert your video link here]

Application Link: https://gains-tracker.vercel.app/pages/home/index.html

Course Outcomes
The following are the course outcomes of WDD 330:

Become more efficient at applying your innate curiosity and creativity.
Become more dexterous at exploring your environment.
Become a person who enjoys helping and learning from others.
Use a divide and conquer approach to design solutions for programming problems.
Finding and troubleshooting bugs you and others will have in the code you write.
Developing and debugging HTML, CSS, and JavaScript programs that use medium complexity web technologies.
To complete this course, you need to demonstrate your skill in these areas. Outcomes #1-5 demonstrate your personal development and are most easily shown through self-assessment and sharing experiences. Outcome #6 demonstrates your programming skill and is shown through code and experience in projects.

Skill Development Outcome
Developing and debugging HTML, CSS, and JavaScript programs that use medium complexity web technologies.

This outcome is demonstrated by your skill in the following learning objectives:

Objective

%

Description

JavaScript

25%

Robust programming logic is demonstrated.

For example, validating the screen data, looping through an array of JSON data to display to the screen, creating and using events, changing element styles with JS, changing element classes to use different CSS rules.

Third-party APIs

15%

APIs are used effectively, including APIs that provide rich JSON data.

JSON

15%

Demonstrate skill processing JSON data to dynamically update the website.

CSS

15%

Appropriate use of Transforms and Transitions. For example: Add round the edges to DIV, add shadows. enlarge an input field on focus, and shrink it on blur, Add borders. CSS should subtly add style to a page.

Events

15%

Use events to enhance the user experience. For example, increase the size of the input field on focus or add a shadow. React to a button click. Initialized the page with data once the onload event triggers.

Local Storage

5%

Local storage is used effectively.

These learning objectives are rated on the following scale:

Rating

Description

Unsatisfactory

Very little if any work was shown in this area.

Developing

The learning objective was shown in very basic ways.

Proficient

Effective use of the learning objective was shown in multiple places.

Mastery

Extensive use of the learning objective was shown in non-trivial ways in many places in the code.

For each learning objective, discuss how the topic was used in your application. List several examples of places where the topics are demonstrated.

The following is an example of what is expected:

Learning Objective

Description

Where can this be seen in your application?

CSS

I spent a lot of time choosing colors that would complement each other.

I used CSS to make the input field bigger when it received the focus and to shrink it when it lost focus.

This can be seen on the home screen for each input field.

Images are enlarged on hover.

The recipe detail pages have this effect.

The search results have alternating colors for the rows for readability.

See the home page after a search is successfully run.

In the following table:

Describe how the topics are used.
Have someone test your links to make sure they are accessible by the grader. These links will be to your final personal project.

Feel free to add more rows to this table if needed.

Learning Objective

Description

Where can this be seen in your final personal project application?

JavaScript

Third-party APIs

JSON

CSS

Events

Local Storage

